Update README.md (#12)
plaid/income-sample: README.md

When you first start up the app, you'll be prompted to connect to a bank to load up your liabilities, and connect to your Payroll provider (or bank) to load up your sources of income! We provide you with the opportunity to add additional sources of income as well.

> When asked to connect to a bank while in Sandbox mode, supply the credentials **`user_bank_income`** and **`{}`** and the MFA code of `1234` if you're asked for it. This is different from the credentials you will be prompted to supply in Sandbox mode! While the `user_good` / `pass_good` credentials will work, they won't have much in the way of income streams associated with them. For more test accounts that work great with Income, see the [docs](https://plaid.com/docs/sandbox/test-credentials/#credit-and-income-testing-credentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When asked to connect to a bank while in Sandbox mode, supply the credentials **`user_bank_income`** and **`{}`** and the MFA code of `1234` if you're asked for it. This is different from the credentials you will be prompted to add at the bottom of the page! While the `user_good` / `pass_good` credentials will work, they won't have much in the way of income streams associated with them. For more test accounts that work great with Income, see the [docs](https://plaid.com/docs/sandbox/test-credentials/#credit-and-income-testing-credentials).
```

> When asked to connect to a bank while in Sandbox mode, supply the credentials **`user_bank_income`** and **`{}`** and the MFA code of `1234` if you're asked for it. This is different from the credentials you will be prompted to supply in Sandbox mode! While the `user_good` / `pass_good` credentials will work, they won't have much in the way of income streams associated with them. For more test accounts that work great with Income, see the [docs](https://plaid.com/docs/sandbox/test-credentials/#credit-and-income-testing-credentials).

Author: ```suggestion
When asked to connect to a bank while in Sandbox mode, supply the credentials **`user_bank_income`** and **`{}`** and the MFA code of `1234` if you're asked for it. This is different from the credentials you will be shown at the bottom of the page! While the `user_good` / `pass_good` credentials will work, they won't have much in the way of income streams associated with them. For more test accounts that work great with Income, see the [docs](https://plaid.com/docs/sandbox/test-credentials/#credit-and-income-testing-credentials).
```
